GM everybody welcome back to the PPC
Mastery podcast or actually this is
episode one today we're going to be
talking about how it all started how it
all started with with PPC Mastery with
BBC masteries in this episode we wanted
to take you through our journey about
how we started out in Google ads but
also how we met and how that eventually
led to us starting a business together
form of business which we're doing
happily now happily married
no but yeah I think it would be nice to
just kick it off with how we both
started in Google ads because we have
really similar backgrounds not only in
Google ads but literally where we grew
up I say this sometimes on the streams
but not a lot of people know this we
grew up like literally 10 15 kilometers
from each other and we never met no in
in our youth there was just two small
cities in between yeah yeah and also we
grew up in the eastern part of the
Netherlands like the afterhook which is
in the middle of nowhere yeah sort of
sort of like small villages yeah yeah
but you grew up on one part where you go
to a school in your city and I grew up
in another part where I went to a school
in another city yeah so our paths never
met I think maybe we might have played
each other with football one time you
never know yeah it could could be could
be yeah I was I was playing soccer at uh
and I was keeping in I was a goalkeeper
and I was a goalkeeping in the first uh
the eye yeah
so I guess you you were also playing
soccer in a upper class yeah no I was
usually in this in the second teams but
yeah anyway long long story short but
yeah I know maybe somewhere maybe maybe
not but yeah we grew up really close to
each other but we never met and then we
met online through Linkedin but we'll
get to that in a second yeah but maybe
you can tell us a little bit about your
journey in Google ads and how did that
start and how did that lead you to
becoming a freelancer and starting your
own business yeah so I'll try to keep it
short yeah since I'm curious about your
your story as well over here when I
started out in the work field online
marketing Google ads didn't really come
to my mind in the first place so
actually I started out as a call center
employee working for one of the bigger
banks in the Netherlands I worked for
the Rabobank where basically
consulted businesses on certain certain
insurances about certain bank accounts
stuff like that really really simple
stuff and I was hired by a company that
basically puts employees like me at
different Rabobank headquarters across
all of the Netherlands and I had to work
in the southern part of the Netherlands
in a tilbur which is very very far away
from Hulu yeah where we grew where we
grew up and you are still living I was
still living there my girlfriend at the
time was still studying in night Maven
so naime who was already halfway there
but from hunlo to tilburg it was like an
hour and almost a two hour drive yeah
and I had to do it every single day so
I really liked uh the paycheck in the
first couple of months
of course but after five months I really
I really really started to dislike I got
tired about driving driving across so
that's when I quit and during that time
luckily I had some BNB some b b nights
to yeah where I could stay from Monday
to Wednesday so I didn't have to drive
all of the week
and during the evenings I started to to
get bored since you're on your own
you're not really sure okay I'm in the
middle of nowhere yeah I was hiring an
Airbnb at a farm so during during the
evenings I was easily bored and that's
when I started my first web shop in rims
in exclusive wheels for cars I'm a car
guy and that's what I like I still I
still like cars a lot so that's when I
started experimenting with a Shopify
store actually it was a open card store
one of the earliest CMS systems but it
worked great so I started experimenting
with that and once I got things rolling
I had to promote the web shop right so
that's when I doubled in Google ads SEO
analytics all of the bars across online
marketing so I was building this
e-commerce shop for myself during the
evenings just to get not bored and I was
getting bored and getting tired of my
job in my regular job and during a
weekend a particular weekend I just had
something like hey I'm just going to
stop with the job I'm doing right now
were you working full-time yeah yeah
full-time I was really sick and tired of
it and this only marketing stuff seems
to be pretty cool so let's dive into
that part and let's continue exploring
the only marketing scene so that's why
that's when I started to look around in
my Regional Center in the eastern part
of the Netherlands I started to look for
a traineeship opportunity so my plan was
to
to get a traineeship that space place
somewhere and just observe the online
marketing services and specialist
specialisms as much as possible and
that's when I got hired at a local
online marketing agency
I stayed there for one year and got in
touch with Google ads project management
SEO and Google ads was basically the
thing that I liked the most so I'm a
second job I started to dive into Google
ads full time that's where I stayed to
complete years and after three years or
so I felt like I was senior enough to
start start a business for myself but
that's maybe something that we can dive
into together after
you have done your introduction yeah
yeah but then so then you you worked
there for for a few years and then you
went freelance right yeah yeah and I I
didn't
quit immediately yeah I didn't quit my
job at the 18 the second agency I worked
for straight away and went freelancing
full-time I basically built up my
freelancing clients and trade it in some
some holiday days at the agency site and
basically went for a soft shift from a
paycheck based job to full-time
freelancing how long did it take you
then until you went freelance full-time
a half a year uh half a year yeah yeah
so I started in my in my weekends yeah I
started in my evening hours so I worked
40 40 hours a week full time for the
agency as a Google ad specialist and
once I got my weekends filled to the max
I couldn't couldn't take the time to go
to the pub anymore with the boys and my
evenings were fully time for the
girlfriend no more time for the
girlfriends and I received complaints
yeah that's when I started to to skill
down the agency part so I went from five
days to four days on a contract basis so
instead of working 40 hours I worked 32
hours and from there I started to
toss in the the holiday days so instead
of going on holiday for two weeks three
weeks per year at best they just got one
free day every single week so apart yeah
if you do that four times a month and
then for six months long you basically
have 24 Holiday days that you can trade
in right so I basically worked three
days for the agency and then four days
for myself including the weekend and all
of the evening hours yeah and once my
revenue of the freelance business
surpassed the paycheck amount that's
when I basically killed the agency
physician and it was about time because
I was almost oh I like foreign
I think and we'll get to that as well
but this this pattern completely
repeated itself with PPC with PPC
Mastery exactly the same exactly the
same
yeah yeah we'll get to that in a second
but your journey started yeah it's
similar when I graduated college in
January
2017 I think yeah 16 or 17 17. I went
abroad with my girlfriend for four
months we traveled around southeast Asia
and then I came back and I was still
living in holding I was studying there
then we came back and I moved to
Amsterdam but I had no idea what I
wanted to do I studied International
Communication so it's quite broad but I
I honestly didn't have an idea what if
of what I wanted to do
and then I was working at the macro for
part-time on the on the shelves yeah in
the shelves but I was also working in
the wine department and I had to give
advice for people what kind of I have no
knowledge about wine whatsoever so I
don't drink alcohol at all no not really
back then I I did more than now but now
I don't really do it as much anymore but
I was working at the wine department
part-time just thinking about what I
wanted to do and then I wanted to dabble
in online marketing as well but didn't
know how and then my girlfriend she came
across a traineeship at traffic for you
in Amsterdam and that's when I applied
there and it was supposed to be an
online marketing traineeship where you
learn about all the disciplines or
online advertising so first you do a bit
of PPC or Google ads then social SEO but
they changed it in the last the last
moment to only a Google ads traineeship
and I already got the job but then they
said yeah it's going to be Google ads
and I was like okay sure whatever it
doesn't I don't I don't mind I was
actually interested in Social back then
but then yeah I did Google ads and I was
completely happy with it I loved it from
the first moment uh felt a lot like
playing a game really and you really had
to use your mind yeah or your Advanced
tactic skills back then exactly yeah the
skag structure yeah yeah it was a
totally different game still a demo was
early 2018 yeah it was before smart
bidding was it was already there but it
wasn't really good yet no but then yeah
I did the traineeship for six months and
then I stayed there for two more years
and then yeah it's similar to what you
did you really like Google ads and you
wanted to do more of that I had the same
I was working with a lot of small medium
and big Ecom client and that's when I
learned everything about the whole game
of of Google ads and then in 2020 it was
always my goal to start there learn
about as much as I can in a short amount
of period as possible and then quit and
go build something of my own first
edition you wanted to start freelancing
right before you entered the building no
no no at first I actually wanted to
build my own Ecom business because I was
also experimenting a bit with Shopify
Drop Shipping those kinds of things on
the side and I thought okay if I work at
an agency I will learn what whatever is
needed to build that for myself so
that's why I also why I'm also only
doing Ecom right now is because first it
was my goal to run my own Ecom store
yeah and at at the agency where I worked
at I pushed them a lot to give me Ecom
clients I didn't want to do any Legion
nothing no Finance I only wanted to do
it no B2B [__] and it took me it took
quite some time but in the end yeah I
got a really nice econ portfolio awesome
but then as time progressed I saw from
those econ brands that it's really hard
man like running an e-com store it's
really difficult and low margins and
yeah race to the bottom advert High
advertising costs and I have a lot of
respect for Ecom store owners because
it's not an easy business model with
inventory that you need to buy and
whatever so then I saw okay I don't want
to do that anymore but yeah I did meet
some other Freelancers without arms for
it and of course I have to shout them
out because voucher he was working at
one of the clients that I was working
for you was the the interim freelancer
there so I was chatting to him like hey
what are you doing uh sounds interesting
and then yeah and he told me yeah he
actually told me his hourly rate I was
like I was calculating oh okay so that's
probably five times as much as I'm
making something like that you can drive
for nice BMW yeah nice Tesla yeah yeah
yeah
and they they convinced me to go
freelance and and that was right before
covet came then covet hit and I and I
thought okay now is the time I was
working from home so okay maybe now is
the time to go freelance so I got my
first freelance client on the side
that's also another story to tell in a
different podcast I think it's quite
interesting how I got that but then yeah
I was making more with that one client
alone than my whole monthly income at
the agency so that I thought okay
I'm out of here for that client in terms
of hours 16 16 per week so less than
half a week yeah it's insane right yeah
it's crazy it's crazy so then then I
thought okay now it's time and then
three months later I quit got a few
other clients and then yeah built the
whole foreign
if it was up to me then I would would
have probably quit even earlier but my
girlfriend she also slowed me down a
little bit in that process okay let's
take some time build up a little bit of
a buffer and then go but then I I got my
when I the day that I quit was when I
got an offer for a big job at ring at
the time an interim interim freelance
gig yeah that's that was the proof again
for me yeah problem solved it will work
out in the end and yeah that's when I
built the whole in my whole freelance
freelance business and I've been doing
that now for three years and around that
time we were actually talking to each
other because I looked it up in my DMs
and I think we connected on LinkedIn for
the first time in around early 2020 but
it was just like oh you were freelancing
I wasn't yet and we were talking about
that a little bit exchanging Google ads
tips and and exchanging also freelance
tips so our our conversations go back
two years or so prior to when we
launched PPC Mastery which is which is
yeah it's really cool it was real quiet
on LinkedIn back then yeah nobody was
sharing anything nobody oh my I'm not
nobody almost almost nobody last time I
said that that there was nobody sharing
anything I got a lot of [__] for it so I
will say I won't say nobody and and
everybody and always and never there's
always nuances that's like in PPC so
don't feel offended if I if I say
something but no jokes jokes aside it
was it was really quiet back then on
LinkedIn and I think
we were trying to do a little bit with
posting and trying to build up some
something for ourselves some social
exposure some social exposure trying to
build a personal brand yeah yeah and you
were also already doing doing some like
courses and yeah for beginners right
yeah I was doing Google ads beginner
courses in Dutch and I started doing
physical courses in the middle of the
Netherlands in Utrecht because I thought
bootraft is quite Central for everyone
in the Netherlands if you're from
Friesland or the the eastern part
artwork yeah people want to drive to
Utrecht yeah most of the times so that
went really well I was doing a fiscal
course every single month for six for
six people six persons nice and I was
asking 4.95 X v80 so when I was sending
out the invoices I was already like oh
wait a minute I'm making 3K a day maybe
I'm on to something here already since
when I was freelancing I was asking an
hourly rate in the beginning of 85 Euros
per hour xvt
so yeah if you're if you're able to to
ramp up the volumes by scaling to a
course yeah that was quite interesting
yeah so from there I started building my
own online
base course also teaching the exact same
thing but with a little bit more screen
sharing going on yeah because of the
physical courses are more theoretical
you're not able to share as much as you
can with the over-the-shoulder videos if
you build an online course so the online
course was way more extensive I think it
was like 22 hours yeah just basic simple
stuff and the physical course was eight
hours which was too long and too
intensive yeah already people today yeah
I cannot my brain is smashed potatoes
mashed potatoes mashed potatoes but what
I found really in really funny was that
people see online courses as less
valuable as physical courses so I was
only able to ask
245 Euros for the online course where I
could ask for 95 for the fiscal one and
it was three times shorter yeah so it's
still or very weird to me but yeah back
then it was called Pepsi Mastery already
so we basically used the the I think
it's still a great name essentially we
can we can use for a lot of things but
now we transitioned to obviously we are
doing it the both of us and it's in
English International yeah International
International Focus instead of just
Dutch yeah
yeah and then maybe we can we can jump
to last year when you reached out to me
to see if we can collaborate on
something what was going through your
mind and why did you reach out to me
because that was the July 2022. yeah so
I uh you were building a course as well
yeah I was mainly focused on search
since I am more Legion SAS focused in my
day-to-day work of in my day-to-day work
back then yeah and you you were fairly
fully specialized in e-comm and I saw
you were building a shopping course and
I thought this could be interesting to
team up with and since you were posting
very very frequently with really
in-depth great posts on LinkedIn already
I thought hey maybe we're on to I'm on
to something here and maybe it's better
to team up or at least try out a certain
collaboration since we are after the
same thing because I was feeling through
my screen that you were trying to make
which from your freelancing work to a
also a course knowledge sharing focused
work week so to say and I was like maybe
we can collaborate instead of just
seeing each other as a competitor
because eventually if we're both
focusing on the Dutch Market yeah the
Dutch Market becomes way too small
really soon yeah so yeah that's when I
sent you a message hey Mars maybe maybe
we can do something together yeah and
I'm not sure in what kind of format but
maybe a webinar maybe a free training
maybe even a an e-book that we can write
right out together and I guess you
responded very very enthusiastically
about that idea and in that time we had
a big big shift from Smart shopping to
BMX so it was a great time to to
to share all of our knowledge in regards
to pmax with the world yeah and that was
basically our first webinar we did yeah
yeah and I think what I really liked
about your message was that you you
reached out and you and this is yeah
this is why it worked between us is we
are we're already chatting it's not out
of nothing you said hey let's build a
course together or let's build a
business together we were already
speaking to each other for years online
online yeah I never met not even a call
last year in Malaga yeah yeah three
months after we started the business we
were only spoken in DMS but it was only
about helping each other and sharing
sharing value and and seeing how how are
you working with specific clients I
remember I was working with ring interim
job and there was four days per week so
it was like a big big gig and you said
no it's much nicer to have a portfolio a
portfolio of more clients yeah now that
got me thinking as well so 40 clients
that's crazy yeah it's insane yeah yeah
that's that's how we spoke before before
we even did something together and then
you reached out you said yeah maybe we
can do something together in form of a
webinar or a podcast episode or
something like that and the reason
behind that was also because you had a
great following already yeah and I had
also a similar following back then yeah
something around like 3 000 followers or
so 34 000 each yeah but you had
completely different followers than I
had so yeah I was like hey there's
something for the both of us in here
yeah if we team up you're following will
meet
my following will meet miles yeah and we
will do a cross basically a cross
following a share out some followers and
that's exactly sorry to interrupt that's
exactly why the the end that you send
was so good because you said
in the space of what's in it for me yeah
that's the exchange that we can both get
value from this instead of you want to
extract value from me or I want to
extract value from you it's like how can
we do something that is mutually
beneficial people like yeah okay
interesting also also because it was you
and I knew who you who you who you were
and I knew that you're a trustworthy guy
in terms of what you show online of your
knowledge about PPC so that was a
no-brainer for me to at least get on a
get on a call and I remember you were in
the camper van back then in France where
it was like 40 degrees or so it was
crazy hot yeah it is terrible yeah and
but we yeah we hit it off I think we we
vibed on a personal level as well which
was even more important because both of
us in our character we will never start
a business with someone that we do not
dislike or do not Vibe with some people
will go into a business with someone
because they they think that it will be
a good opportunity
oh yeah we can we maybe we don't really
like each other but we can build a big
business but that was never our goal we
just want to yeah enjoy life as much as
possible yeah on our own terms and we
have the same personal goals exactly
exactly yeah and business related goals
yeah and that's maybe something that we
can talk about in the future episodes
yeah and we are really aligned on that
idea as well yeah so a lot of things
Lifestyles matched yeah yeah a lot of it
matched yeah and yeah that's when we
that's when we did the first webinar
performance Max Mastery webinar and that
went really well I think we got 900 plus
registrations and 500 people were there
live and it was crazy yeah it was also
because as you said it was pmax so it
was all new people were afraid of losing
their jobs yeah yeah 100 100 and it was
a big unknown black box and nobody
really knew how to yeah how to handle
such a thing yeah how to handle such a
beast yeah and I thought we had some
great some great insights and some great
best practices already and people really
loved it yeah and I think also people
loved it because because we were doing
it together people didn't really expect
that so some people already knew both of
us individually and then they saw oh
these guys are doing something together
okay let's check it out and as you said
some people from my network discovered
you and some people from your network
discovered me and I think we have Good
Chemistry Between Us also when we're
doing those webinars it's always a bunch
of fun as well we're laughing making
jokes and I think people really really
enjoyed that and off the back of that
webinar we sold our first version of
performance Max Mastery which I think we
got 10 sales or so at that webinar so
we'll be like okay this is that's nice
it's quite nice yeah let's let's see
what we can do more but we didn't start
the business yet and you just mentioned
that you were already owning the PPC
Mastery brand and how did we do that in
the first couple of months yeah we had
already buy the domain no we were still
thinking about what would be the name of
a project together and then we had some
ideas but nothing was really like good
where we thought okay this is something
that we can take seriously and then I
remember I sent you a message like what
what if we just take PPC Mastery as a
brand but the.com domain was already
taken with someone else and you had the
sale it was for sale and you had the dot
NL domain so before we did anything with
the first few thousand of Revenue that
we got we bought the bbcmastery.com
domain yeah yeah I think it was like two
and a half K or so yeah yeah I think
even more maybe even more yeah I think
it was four and a half yeah something
like that which was crazy
exactly but it's it was worth it so it's
still still a great name yeah as far as
what I'm concerned for sure and we
already had The Branding and the logo
and everything all the things we we tied
together and you back in to make to make
the first course work yeah we we got a
famous system like Peggy pay or
something like oh yeah
the accountant we had was basically
extremely mad because all of the vhd
stuff wasn't wasn't done and there was a
one total mess yeah it's true yeah we
had so many things where you just you
just started you just do it and we'll
see we'll figure it out we'll figure it
out once we hit the problems we'll
create problems first yeah and then
we'll solve them yeah which is a good
mindset I think in business
and yeah yeah and also I I think we we
sold that we sold the PMX course yeah we
sold it first before we actually
finalized that yeah so there was also
yeah takeaway yeah yeah that's something
that I believe heavily and is to sell
sell before you make to validate the
idea because yeah a mistake that I made
before when you spoke about the shopping
course that I was creating I I built out
the whole thing yeah I really like the
whole took me weeks and weeks maybe even
months to build like of course it's not
easy to create and film and edit and
everything really time consuming really
time consuming and then I was ready to
sell it and I was like nobody wanted to
buy it did a webinar I got three sales
shout out to those guys that bought it
and then later on I got maybe like 10
more sales or so nothing nothing major
so then I got the idea from someone else
about cell before you make to validate
the idea and then basically what that
helps you to do is okay if you get some
sales then you you get the green light
because people are actually waiting for
this products and then you build it out
and you ship it to them on a date that
you agree on don't sell something and
not give them anything that would be
scamming but if they buy if if only two
or three people buy then you can just
refund them say the project is not going
through yeah here's your money back
maybe next maybe next time and then you
have wasted the time of creating the
whole product yeah I I really like that
and we sold it's quite quite well yeah
in the first couple of weeks and then we
had to so then we had to build it and
ship it and I can still recall that that
was a very very stressful yeah you had
to do it on top of all the free network
yeah I was I was fully fully stuffed
with freelance clients and I had to do
this in my evening hours and in the
weekends from a camper fan yep in the
evenings if you watch back the version
one performance Max Mastery course yeah
a lot of a lot of the videos that I
recorded are in the dark
I didn't I did it from upper lighting
going on it was just just a big black
silhouette of me trying to teach at
least you had the good audio that was
good yeah yeah did I did I have to yeah
you had it I didn't have it I was only
doing it every recording through your
headsets yeah not good not good so right
now we're creating a version two yep but
but the leap in just one year from a
very extremely low production value of
course to what we have in place right
now it's such a leap but what we had
going for us was the quality of the
court so yeah that's why people content
like the content yeah the content was
good even if you have a V1 course that
is low production value if the audio you
need good audio but even if the yeah
everything else the decks were
definitely not on the level that we have
now video but they were okay yeah the
content for sure but the way that we
structured the the slides some of them
were really messy but they were okay for
V1 because
I think one thing that can stop you from
progressing is being too much of a
perfectionist especially if you're
launching a first version yeah then
speed matters
yeah exactly yeah and we need it
delivered to everybody that pre-ordered
it but then yeah now after year we have
you know we're upgrading it and the
quality is going to be is going to be
much much better uh but that was the the
first traction that we got and then we
got a message from from our friends over
at lunio if you wanted to do a webinar
together with them so that's I think
that was the first like thing where
people saw us as oh these guys are
making moves maybe we can invite them
over to to do something together and we
were doing everything like a lunio
webinar and then yes we have said it yes
everything profit metrics and everybody
that sent us a DM or maybe we can
collaborate or or have an idea we did
everything and it was we were all over
the place with with the with everything
that we were creating we didn't really
have a focus no no Focus no not yet but
then it started to become better and we
decided to start a real business yeah
what do you remember from from that time
was it what impact that did that have on
your freelance work or yeah on on on on
your business apart from PPC Mastery
when we started when we started out with
Pepsi Mastery as a formal business on
paper that's when we also launched the
audit templates for what I can recall
yeah and those were doing great as well
in terms of sales and revenue so that's
when I started to to to to think or see
hey we're definitely on to something
here and we have to we have to do
something with this we cannot just shake
each other hands and thanks for the
great course and then go freelancing
again we saw that something was brewing
and we just had to to take the dive yeah
and we were still freelancing and we
were still Freelancers we were still
freelancing I have always been this very
this very
discarded that likes to wait to see risk
of the risk of first thank you to see
how things develop so I so I'm like hey
if we want to go all in the full 100 on
this we have to see certain consistent
revenues each single month before I feel
comfortable saying goodbye to some of my
freelance clients yeah yeah and that
took
way longer way longer than expected yeah
and I guess you also hoped for so you
were kind of like hey this works yeah
and this is exactly what I was looking
for the last couple of years that F my
freelance clients okay that's okay I'll
explain that in a more nuanced way I'm
going all in yeah that's the story but
yeah I was always looking at something
to do on the side of freelancing build
something yeah but yeah when I saw that
we were getting traction I was saying
goodbye to some of the the lower end of
my of my freelance class but I was still
keeping the bigger the big clients also
because they make for good case study
materials but your lower end clients
were all that already clients that did
5K Plus or in revenue for you every
single month together combined yeah yeah
yeah and I did I did the same with my
lower end clients were like 300 Euros
yeah 400 euros yeah facility bigger ones
yeah it was like I cannot really let go
of this because what what if miles
portrays me yeah and I have to
hahaha
so I Hold On To those clients for way
too long yeah and in the last couple of
months Pepsi Mastery just well took off
every single month month after month
after month and I was still
still stuck on these clients that I
didn't want to get rid of until recently
yeah yeah and I'm my personality is much
more okay I see that it's going well
yeah I trust that it's going to continue
to go well I'm in it for the long game
you're in it for the long game uh then I
I have to make free up some time
somewhere because I don't I don't want
to work on the weekends or late in the
evenings to compensate that was I was
doing that yeah exactly still you was
working you were working five days a
week just a regular work week for
peepsie Mastery yeah including some of
the freelance clubs yeah let's say three
and a half just updates PPC Master you
want to have freelance clients or
something and I was doing four or five
days a week freelance freelancing and
then basically working for PPC Mastery
every single evening and every single
weekend to make up for the time you'll
spend in yeah you had spent already yeah
that that really broke up or really got
me exhausted at some point yeah so
that's when I had to kill certain
relationships unfortunately
unfortunately
I had great clients I still have some
that are great but it was really really
hard for me to say goodbye yeah yeah it
almost feel feel like it feels like a
sort of a betrayal yeah since a lot of
the clients were with me from day one
yeah when I first started out
freelancing and I grew with me yeah and
vice versa and then you have to tell
them hey I'm sorry man but
I have to I have to go now where you
have to go left but what changed for you
now then because you did that you did
this literally two or three weeks ago
where you really made up more time you
were already doing it freeing up three
days in a week for PPC Mastery doing
freelance two or three days but now
recently you you cut it down even
further because then you have more time
to build courses and everything in BBC
Mastery what was that shift that you had
recently then I still had to much going
on yeah in my head and in my work week I
was still responsible for a hell of a
lot marketing Euros every single month
so in terms of the amount of clients I
went down quite quite a bit I started
out at 4015 in the first shifts I got
the amount of clients down to I think
eight nine and now I have five six uh
but I had two very big clients that were
that I needed to spend I think two or
two and a half maybe three days a week
on yeah those were my biggest clients so
it was really hard for me to to cut them
off and say goodbye to them but yeah I
just had to so I came back from from a
motor psycho holiday I left my laptop at
home in for the first time in seven
years in seven years I always carried my
laptop with me because of you're
responsible for other people's money so
I couldn't just leave it at home but now
now I was like I have to I have to leave
this at home and during the evenings I
also didn't brought my bring my phone
with me so I started to to to think I
had space to think and previously all
the weeks prior to that I just I just
had to move every single day and there
was no room to to to look back yeah no
no room to to think about hey where do
we want to go where do I want to go
but during the motorcycle holiday
it was one of the first times that I
could clearly think and I came back and
I was like where we have to go for Pepsi
Mastery 100 finally one year later one
year later do we have to go for this
it'd be 100 what was it like one year
later miles have a great idea yeah I
think BBC Mastery I think BBC Mastery
yeah we're on to something I'm already
like 150 percent
and I was just holding off the boats
yeah but you were also all in but extra
hours yeah I was dedicated yeah creating
Kick-Ass products yeah for sure but I
felt really uncomfortable saying goodbye
to my personal clients yeah but yeah we
just had to that's when I recently
pulled the block yeah yeah and went all
in so to say yeah yeah super nice I
think for us for PPC Mastery this is a
big move because now yeah maybe the time
that you spend is the same but you have
you're much more relaxed I see it much
as well the way that you came back from
from that trip I have time to go through
the through the fit to do Fitness yeah
exactly the gym I haven't been gyming
for five years yeah because I just
de-prioritized every single every single
thing and which is actually more time in
France yeah
and your health is the most important
thing but if you're working your ass off
and you're like I don't want to lose I
don't want to lose one Euro a revenue at
all and I want to see growth every
single month that
you become like this insanely work
workaholic robot that I was yeah things
go better
that's really good man and I think it
also helps with BBC Mastery because now
you can just take the time to build
Kick-Ass products which is the division
that we have this year you're mainly
focused on the products yeah product
side so creating really good courses
really good resources
um and the more headspace that you have
for that I think the better the quality
of the product is going to be definitely
so I'm really happy that that you have
much more calm and less stress and more
Focus yeah me too because it shows in
the in the products that we create
together that you're mostly responsible
for uh yeah I think that's that's really
good and but we're still doing some
freelance gigs yeah we still have to we
still have to put work into place yeah
and we still have to work in our
accounts ourselves in order to get up to
stay up to speed yeah and and build up
case studies and then teach that in you
know in our products so the clients that
we still have are just the the cards
carte blanche clients that are okay with
every single thing that's that's the way
we can experiment test and yeah spend
some some relaxed time on yeah but yeah
pipsy Mastery is the 100 Focus right now
for both of us and what maybe two more
things and then we can run this off for
the first like how it all started
episode I think one cool thing to look
at is what have we shipped until now in
terms of products and what are our plans
for the future for the near future so I
think maybe you can kick it off with
what have we shipped until now after
before you mentioned performance Max
Mastery and the audit template what came
after that was it Master Class yeah it
was a master class that was really nice
yeah last winter I he was in the
northern part of Spain yeah and that's
when my wife she went to Australia for a
wedding of her family for I guess six or
eight weeks so I hired this beautiful
Airbnb next to a beach but the weather
was turning shitty already yeah because
North Spain is really really beautiful
it's one of the most beautiful spaces
countries areas in in Europe I think but
it has the same weather as the
Netherlands yeah so it can be quite
shitty yeah so it was raining every
single day and that's when I sold a
master class to one particular agency a
Dutch agency and it was also a cell
before we we we we we build anything
yeah so I had to build this thing from
scratch and it was basically the the
beginning of our Master Class program
that basically consists of four four
days yeah where we touch on all of the
latest areas topics within Google ads
that then it was eight days actually we
had eight workshops of 60 minutes yeah
later we did four workshops of two hours
yeah way better yeah way better yeah to
create some chunks yeah but it was in
Dutch because the agency was Dutch but
they really really loved it yeah so I
guess I showed you the product
afterwards and we discussed hey we can
basically create this in English we can
add some additional details to this some
additional case studies some additional
insights we can create we can create a
kick-ass product for for the mask class
and just well let's see if we can get
any traction on this and we and we had
some great traction selling the Google
SMS class we have done
three three master classes until now I
think we're going to do the next master
class in q1 of 2024 but that was our
yeah it is our biggest product until now
next up was the conversion tracking
Mastery so there was a big gap between
the Google as mask class and the
conversion tracking Mastery as a course
because we basically did the master
class every single quarter that was the
gig we were doing it was a cohort based
product it's the laser chord based
products but yeah we didn't develop
anything in between we basically tweaked
the master class every single quarter to
make it yeah to have it updated and make
it as as relevant as possible
but yeah recently we we started to
create a shift towards a more on-demand
products assortments so to say so it all
started with the conversion tracking
Mastery which is a five hour course
something like that yeah five hour
course where we touch on everything
that's related to conversion tracking
within Google ads it is a kick-ass
course yeah I think personally for sure
I get in the market that we that we
filled in yeah and from there on we are
currently well building creating
additional products they're also I think
excellent products yeah so we're
starting out with the search Mastery
course right now which is all about
search fundamentals you are re-filming
the performance Max Mastery course to to
increase the quality and to have all of
the latest insights included again and
the next couple of months we're
basically going to touch on every single
topic or campaign type within the Google
ads and I guess we're not done until
late 2024. we have so much to build and
then it all starts over again because of
all the updates and all the changes for
sure but we have so much to build and we
have so little time yeah and we're doing
this with the both of us yeah full time
no employees nothing no employees
nothing indeed and it's still it's still
yeah we're going places but so it's like
we're still getting started yeah yeah it
feels like we're still getting started
yeah we are yeah we've been doing this
for one year now and it's going really
fast but also yeah
in terms of products we're still lagging
behind first yeah if we're looking at
ourselves yeah and and even though
master class is our best product or yeah
our most valuable product so far uh
doing a cohort is really takes a lot of
energy and time it's intensive yeah it
is intensive but it is definitely coming
back but in the meantime we wanted to
build some courses that were more like
Evergreen that we can offer to people
not only like time sensitive but
throughout the entire year and also also
something that we're building right now
is the BBC up membership which will
launch in September it'll be epic that's
going to be really epic like to explain
a little bit about that we after the
last master class we pitched it to the
all the mass class students uh and we
got 50 founding members inside the new
peepclub membership which is a yearly
membership in which we give all that we
have basically and it has three core
pillars if you join then you will get a
lot of on-demand training so all of the
courses that we have are going to be
included included in there some courses
are also we're not going to sell
everything on the front end a lot of
courses are going to be PPC up
membership only as well then there is
live trainings we're doing like Advanced
workshops and and stuff like that and
then there's also Community aspect and
we're doing really cool events now with
like round tables getting people to talk
about different subjects it's cool and
it's still in the alpha or beta phase
yeah with 50 founding members yeah we
limited it to 50 funding members to keep
it small by Design yeah to gather
feedback and then in September then
we're going to open it up for for
everybody and then we have a lot more
courses inside a lot of products so
that's going to be really epic a lot
more members yeah exchanging ideas yeah
exactly and we have the the some a
players already in there yeah so some
really Kick-Ass Google ad Specialists
that know what they're doing already and
we want to maintain the same level as in
the Google ads masterclass where it's
not designed for beginners there are a
lot of beginner Google ads courses out
there but master classes we always say
like it's for at least one year
experience but maybe even a bit more at
least meteors meteors yeah because it
goes into depth really fast and it goes
really fast and we want to maintain the
same level in our PPC up membership so
yeah that's that's going to be super
exciting man a few more like five or six
more weeks until we fully launched that
so that's what that's going to be the
main focus yep I think that will be our
hero product yeah for the time yeah
absolutely and everything that we were
going to build will be built for yeah
the PPC Hub yeah but we might we might
create separate Standalone products for
the things that we create as well yeah
and just sell it directly on our website
uh but I think the the the deal
or the the offer that we have created
for the PPC Hub is just
too stupid to say no two that's what we
were able to design it yeah yeah so yeah
really really looking forward to the
launch in September yeah yeah yeah I
think that's it because now we we spoke
about our whole journey leading towards
where we are right now we've spoke about
what is expected to be expected for the
for the near future we have so much more
planned like the the PPC Hub is is the
first thing that's coming up most likely
the new thing but then as you said q1
master class which is going to be free
for PC up members a lot of extra
products and courses a lot of resources
optimization course optimization
checklist free stuff free trainings we
want to do we did a summer school
training about conversion tracking last
week or two weeks ago two weeks ago yeah
but that was a lot of fun as well like I
felt like a streamer
interacting with the chat and we want to
do more of those things as well of
course like a a part of it is going to
be paid because it's paid products
we're definitely also looking at how can
we do do more stuff for free like this
podcast for example which is going to be
going to be really cool full of nice
insights full of nice insights yeah a
lot more to come from from PPC Mastery
but I think that concludes our first the
first real episode awesome I hope you
you enjoyed it I hope you you liked
listening to our backstory of of how we
started PPC Mastery and maybe in a year
or so we can reflect on this and see
where we are then and see what we did uh
in in the in this year the upcoming
video we we will have shipped so much so
much in terms of products and resources
yeah that's crazy yeah even if we look
back at what we did in the last year
alone
it's insane but we never really stop and
reflect because we're just going going
going and there's always something else
to build yeah
but yeah thanks guys for for listening
so as always I want to end it with a
call to action Please Subscribe
subscribe no but if you're listening to
this on Apple podcast or Spotify we
would appreciate a review likely five
stars or I don't think I think that's
how that works share it with a friend or
colleague that would be appreciated and
if you can give us your feedback just
send it on Discord or LinkedIn and in
the next episodes we will also tell you
how you can submit questions that we can
then in some podcasts yeah talk about so
we will prioritize some some FAQ
podcasts as well where we will touch on
the most upvoted questions yeah in the
space yeah so we will touch on that in
the future yeah in the next episode and
we're building a page for that where you
can submit questions so we'll we will
share how you can do that in next
episodes and on LinkedIn and and whatnot
so thanks everybody for listening
watching viewing if you're on YouTube
thanks appreciate it and we'll see you
in the next so ciao peace